Update documentation - getting started (#1)
krivard/delphi-covidcast-hackathon-2020: surveys/README.md

"run.R". To install the pacakge, run the following code from this directory:

```
R CMD build delphiSurveys
R CMD INSTALL delphiSurvey_1.0.tar.gz
```

> If you see problems installing the built package, you might need to install basic R packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see problems installing the built package, you might need to install some additional dependencies.
```
